In our last episode of
Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!,
Sakurai had gone home.
If you don't do things right,
people are gonna talk about that girl!
In light of his father's advice, Sakurai
reconsiders his relationship with Hana.
Christmas Eve is quickly approaching,
and he's no closer to an answer.
Hana was giving Sakurai a good
riling-up--as usual--when...
Huh? Nope: She's ticking me off.
Senpai!
...she was banished.
--Please let me in!
--What will Christmas Eve
look like for these two?
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 12: I Want to Hang Out
on Christmas Eve, Too!"
I've finally come to a realization:
When one of you is interested,
the other one will ruin it.
Like a tub faucet and a showerhead.
You keep leading us on with this nonsense!
This one here really
is hopeless at romance!
What is this, a tribunal?
Be that as it may,
how can you talk about romance,
daughter of mine?
Wh-What's so wrong about that?
Senpai's a loner--that's a fact.
It's totally fine!
We'll just watch and
wait till this all blows over!
Watch and wait, with
Christmas Eve around the corner?
Watchful waiting... hmm.
Some girls in our class invited me
and Sak to a Christmas drinking party--
we can go, right?
I didn't really want to,
but I won't turn down radical measures.
How about we let Sak be taken, for real?
Let things blow over?
Nah: We'll pour fuel on the fire.
Calm down, Sakaki.
A sincere apology from Hana
and Sakurai will forgive her.
Right...
What?! Is that true, Hana?
You made your senpai mad
and he banished you--
what about Christmas?
If you don't do some damage control,
you'll be having one lonely Christmas.
Like Kiri.
I-I-I have plans, you know!
Yeah, with your swim-club pals again.
She hit the nail on the head, dammit...
Oh, you hush.
I apologized to Senpai already.
Besides, this has nothing
to do with you, Yanagi.
Verily.
"Verily"?
But there are some things I can
only see from here on the outside.
And I can stir the pot all I like
because it has nothing to do with me.
Wow. Vicious.
Just butt out.
Come on, Yanagi, don't tease her.
Hana's serious about this.
But I get impatient--she's
such a late bloomer.
And her senpai's doofy, too.
He doesn't make it easy.
Sure is fun to watch, though!
If I ever have my eye on a girl, I'll make
damn sure Yanagi never finds out.
Still, it's almost Christmas.
She can't give up now.
Which means...
"Asia Café"
...this must be where I come in.
Hello there!
Oh, hi, Yanagi-chan.
You're up to something, aren't you?
I sure am.
From what I hear,
our Hana is in a bit of a pinch.
Ever since Sakurai scolded her that time,
things have been a bit awkward.
They're at a stalemate.
Hana isn't mentally strong enough
to broach the subject herself.
And you're saying you can do something?
Oh, Mr. Senpai?
I just happened to overhear...
You had a fight with Hana,
and now she's not allowed to come over?
Huh? I mean, that's...
But won't that mean a
lonely Christmas for you?
In that case,
how about spending Christmas with me?
Wh-Wh-What?!
We both like games
and all--I think it'll be fun!
Ooh: the obviously pointed dig!
Of course! That's why
Hana isn't getting serious--
there's no rival going
after the same prey!
This is a move reserved
for a family member
who knows her personality inside-out
and can use it against her!
Quite the trick for a 14-year-old...
What a nasty little sister!
But couldn't you have tried
a pointed dig on her, Ami?
Hmm? How so?
Well--
Never mind.
--Oh. Huh, yeah, I don't know...
--And here's Sakurai with
the blandest of responses!
What a marvelously safe creature!
Can we hang out at your place?
I know Hana can't come over,
but I can, right?
Well, hang on now...
Senpai, you can't!
Huh? What's the problem?
I mean, if you weren't invited,
then why not?
Or maybe...
Did you, perhaps...?
I have a better idea, Senpai!
Let's have Christmas Eve at my place!
We've got games! Mom and I will cook!
And you can pet the cats!
No, wait, that's--Hana, whoa!
Whaddya say, Senpai?
The banishment doesn't
apply to my house, right?
Ha! Gotcha!
Well, uh...
I'm not mad at her anymore,
and I was going to lift the banishment...
Okay, let's do that.
If it's okay with you.
Senpai...
Are you sure about this, Hana?
Aren't you forgetting about Dad?
Why don't you switch to
your senpai's place instead?
B-But if I do that,
it'll look like I want to do
Christmas at his place.
You don't?
No!
You're just stirring
the pot--in the weirdest way!
Because you're a coward.
Why don't you butt out?!
It's fine, okay? I'll talk to Dad!
Oh, man. You're on your own.
The only thing I can do now
is pray this all ends uneventfully.
Hana faced the big day with
no particular approach in mind.
You know, there's the tiniest chance
that Dad might actually like him.
Hey, this might actually work!
Senpai's super earnest and all...
Yeah! I bet they hit it off big!
I've got a good feeling about this!
You're awfully low-key today.
Did you catch a cold or something?
No, no, I'm fine--just fine!
It's just... um...
We've been hanging out
so much, you and me,
but this is the first Christmas
we've spent together.
This'll work. It'll be fine--I know it.
I trust that Dad's
a good judge of character!
I'm home!
You must be Hana's friend!
Cold out there, eh?
Come on in! Merry Christmas!
So...
It was you!
It did not go well.
♬ We do this over
and over and over again ♬
♬ No one knows where
our feelings are headed ♬
I want a girlfriend...
What'll you have to drink, Senpai?
We have the hard stuff, too.
I-I'm fine, thanks.
The candles are lit.
I'll turn the lights off, then.
Such an oppressive vibe...
Sooo, um...
My, uh, dad... He's a little...
No, it's fine. Really--fine.
Um... I'll turn the lights back on.
Gosh, I just assumed "Fuji"
was your last name.
I had no idea you were the Uzakis' dad--
Who are you calling "dad"?
I--uh--I'm sorry.
Okay, not "dad"... Mr. Uzaki, then--
Who are you calling "Mr. Uzaki"?
What, can't he use your last name?
Um, well...
Oh, Fujio, don't be
too hard on the young man.
No kidding. It's so juvenile.
Mr. Senpai here is a good guy--
right, Hana?
Dad...
Don't worry about him.
Make yourself at home!
Hana and I made plenty of food,
so please--eat up.
Thank you very much.
What, so I'm the only bad guy here?
I don't like this. Next time at the gym,
I'm gonna work him so hard--
The gym?
This is bad!
Sakurai-kun...
Let's, ah... start with drinks.
What kind of face is that?!
This is way, way, way bad!
Hana's special person is Sakurai?
I must have already told him
just about everything!
No! If anyone finds out...
I can't believe you'd just blab
all about your daughter's love life.
You're the worst!
I'm so disappointed in you.
I'm done using the Kansai dialect.
...my darling daughters
will be disgusted with me!
And that can never, ever happen!
How about a little one-on-one chat?
Dad!
It's okay. I won't do anything to him.
We'll call a cease-fire.
Now, then...
Are you all right, Fuji--er, Mr. Fujio?
Your face is looking awfully slick.
I just want to be sure about one thing...
It's fine if you don't remember.
What's that?
That... talk we had, at the gym.
A talk? At the gym?
My eldest daughter...
Seems there's this guy she likes.
He's her senpai at school--
seems she hangs out
at his place on the regular.
Hey! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Why are you trying to slip out?!
I-I'm sorry!
I couldn't hold out any longer!
It's not my place to say this,
but calm down!
I have a favor to ask you!
I talked about that stuff because
I thought we were strangers.
Boy, ignorance is a scary, scary thing.
Uh, yes.
--Yes, it is.
--So it was basically
an accident--in passing.
--Sorry?
--See, what I'm trying to say is...
Yes?
Is there any way you
could forget about all that?
Please! If Hana finds out
I blabbed at work, she'll hate me!
I can see that, yes...
Just for today! Please?
Hana's been so looking forward to this!
She started prepping
for dinner last night...
Both were in such a panic that
neither realized Fujio was spilling
more secrets about his daughter.
Look, stay mum on the gym thing,
and I won't say a word today.
Just let my daughter enjoy herself!
Understood.
Besides, there's no way I could
say anything about it, anyway.
That Uzaki... and I...
Thank goodness.
Okay, shall we head back?
I mean...
We'll have other opportunities
to discuss Hana.
Did it go okay, Senpai?
Sure. He wasn't mad at me or anything.
We were both just surprised,
since we knew each other from before.
Oh, okay. Good!
"Forget it," he says--but
at this stage, how can I?
C'mon, Senpai--you eat something, too.
We worked hard on this!
Thanks. I will, later.
--Oh, my.
--Eat it while it's hot!
It's really tasty.
O-Okay.
Oh, can you not handle hot food?
Here, I'll blow on it to cool it off.
No, it's fine!
It's fine, I said!
Just open your mouth, okay?
--Say "ah"!
--I-I can feed myself!
I never said you could flirt!
--Flirt?!
--W-We're not!
We're always like this!
That's even worse!
Fujio!
What's with this
miserable guys-only stuff?
Next year! Next year for sure!
A girlfriend, huh?
Hey, your big sister is cute, right?
How old's your little sis again?
Kiri, about your mom...
Not funny, you guys!
You're the cutest of them all, Kiri.
I would like to know
how you feel about Hana...
But never mind that for now.
Can you work with me--just
for this one evening?
All right.
Our mission: Give Hana a fantastic time--
no making her sad or spilling the beans.
Making sure his daughter has fun:
Yes, it makes up
for revealing her secrets,
but it's also a genuine fatherly desire.
Secret-sharing Sakurai
regained his own composure
and went to work revving up the party.
Here, Senpai!
He tasted homemade food...
Have some, Senpai.
...enjoyed drinks...
C'mon, Senpai!
...and played games.
However...
M-Mr. Fujio...
Just when they'd started
to enjoy themselves...
T-Time out!
You give up fast!
...one of them threw in the towel.
I'm sorry. The secret's too big for me
to just shut up and enjoy myself.
I thought this'd be better than
unwittingly letting it slip,
but I guess it put
a lot of pressure on you.
I mean, I was surprised
to see you, too, at first.
I'd've remembered that talk myself,
once I calmed down.
Yeah.
I sure do wish I could forget it, though.
Yeah...
How hard of a blow to the head
do you think it would take
to wipe out your memory?
I'd like to leave
violence as a last resort.
Wait--that's it!
What, violence?!
Not that!
Embarrassingly enough,
I've lost a memory here and there
when I've gotten stinking drunk before.
I don't know how well it'll work on that,
but if I'm drunk, I'll have a reason to
go home--and I'll keep my mouth shut!
I see...
The secret stays safe as we entertain Hana
until the evening ends naturally.
And if all goes well,
you'll forget about tonight, too.
That's three birds
with one stone--at least.
Go on, drink all the booze in the house!
If that's not enough,
I'll run out and buy more!
Start knockin' 'em back, pal!
Got it!
Wait--is this really something worth
trying so desperately to forget?
Does Sakurai truly view
Hana as just a friend?
Senpai! Come hang out with me!
Yeah, that would piss me off, too.
Then, one hour later...
Wow, Sakurai-kun, look at you!
You're a mess!
I know it's early,
but let's call it a night.
Okay?
He's so insistent.
Must be plotting something.
Hang on, Dad.
When Senpai's this drunk,
he leaves himself wide open.
Usually he hates this and
makes a quick escape, but now...
--Cut that out...
--How's that, Senpai?
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
You must be pretty drunk yourself
to be getting so hands-on!
I'll say this again
when you're sober, Hana:
Stay away from those
college drinking parties!
Please stop making that face.
How was dinner today?
Good. Real good again today.
Outstanding.
My goodness, how adorable.
Hana's a proactive drunk, too.
You sure are funny
when you're drunk, Mr. Senpai.
Nah, it's fine... really... I'm fine.
This isn't fine at all.
Sakurai's made himself totally useless.
Excellent--all according to plan!
See, Senpai's gone into auto-reply mode.
Wanna try saying something to him, Mom?
Sure, okay. Then... Sakurai-kun?
Thanks for always hanging out with Hana.
Keep looking out for her, okay?
Same here...
She's got an annoyin' way of buttin' in,
but Hana really is good people.
Cookin' is tasty, too.
The way she butts
in is annoyin', though...
He said that twice.
How can I say this...
Thanks so much--for everythin'.
That is one smug mug!
She just wanted to hear it for herself.
Aw, you only say that when you're drunk!
How do we get you to be
that candid on the regular?
He is going to lose these memories, right?
He will forget this, right?!
I didn't say it only
'cause I'm self-conscious.
But I'm grateful.
I mean it.
This is going some tremendous places!
Um, my parents...
'Specially my dad...
They're fine bein' all over
each other right in front of me.
Me, I've always hated that kinda thing...
I was so repelled by my dad... that I
turned out to be kinda bad with women...
I guess it only makes sense
for you to mock me.
Lately, I've, well... kinda welcomed
you gettin' up in my business.
Senpai...
But that hateful dad of mine
told me somethin' recently...
That if I didn't do things right,
it'd mean trouble for you.
So lately I've been thinkin'...
I oughta give you some
real, proper consideration...
Senpai...
He loves her!
It took all Fujio Uzaki had to grit
his teeth and keep from saying it aloud.
He loves her!
"Next Time"
"Episode 13: I Want to Hang Out
Together Next Year, Too!"